howdy revelers right now we're walking
through Hodgdon meadow and we are about
to show you a really cool little hidden
secret in Yosemite for dog owners
although dogs are welcome in campsites
and on paved roads they're not welcome
on a lot of the trails but there are a
couple exceptions in the assembly we're
gonna show you one of them well one good
bet is to find a paved road that's not
very busy
there's several closed off roads and
fire roads you can take your pooch on
for much more of a wilderness experience
this trail is old big oak flat road it's
the original road into Yosemite what you
want to do to get here is go over to the
Hodgdon campgrounds park outside of the
kiosk and then you're going to walk up
the maintenance road until you see this
intersection of Tony Grove and Meadow
View when you reach the maintenance
station hang a left up the Tuolumne
Grove Road the first Pro this road
actually crosses through some residents
of Yosemite employees so you want to
make sure you're really respectful when
you're walking through this area and
please stay on the path
after that just follow the pavement if
you follow up the full four miles it
would actually take you all the way to
the Grove of giant sequoias that's near
crane flat but just be aware that if you
have your dog with you you'll have to
turn back before then
so since you can't take this road all
the way to crane flat with your doggie
the Ranger that we talked to suggested
that we do the first half that's paved
so go for it but make sure you clean up
after your pets and respect the
wilderness the first half rambles
through forests and has a couple of
stream crossings but the second half is
all uphill through dense forests pretty
pretty nice-sized pinecone is that
mountain lion scat didn't they will eat
you here they definitely definitely
warned about mountain lions in this area
so if you're coming from Sacramento or
Bay Area's this road is really
convenient because it's right inside the
gate entrance off the 120 all in all
it's a nice stroll through 70s Forest
with your dog and for more strolls like
this new somebody check the doobly-doo
for more information where do you like
to take your dog leave us a comment and
let us know until next time ramble on
this is where picnic tables come from
doggie